1. Write a query string with 2 values for www.example.com 

https://www.example.com/search?query=database&order=alphabetical

2. What is meant by escaping a character? 

It means removing and replacing any characters that should not appear in a value
such as characters that would try to behave as code when that is not wanted.

3. What are the following HTTP status and their meanings: 
a. 200: Status is Success/Ok which means that the page that has been requested has been fetched 
b. 400: Status is Bad Request. This means that the Server is unable to understand the page that the client requested and should not repeat the request 
without any changes since it could be a malformed, deceptive request routing, or invalid request.
c. 401: Status is Unauthorized Error. It means the HTTP Status code needs er authentication 
d. 403: Status is Forbidden. It means the request is understood by the server but refuses to fulfill it. Usually should tell you the reason for the refusal.
e. 404: Status is Not Found. It means the server did not find anything on the requested URL. Occurs when the server does not want to clarify why
the request was refused.
f. 500: Status is Internal Server Error. It means requested URL is not fulfilled due to the server encountering an unexpected condition. 
Is shown when there is an error during a connection to the server and the requested page can not be accessed.

4. Why do we need to validate data? 

We need it to check if the data that has been given is acceptable for our defined field or not. It can help with organization, consistency and 
let us know what to expect. 

5. What are sessions and cookies? What do they do? 

Sessions and cookies is how we know who is requesting each page. Cookies is a text file that is stored with data about a user and it is something a website can tell a browser to do. When a browser requests nother page from
that same domain, it sends the data from the cookie back to the server. Sessions is also a text file and it stores information about a user and their preferences on the server however they only store the data for the duration
 of a single visit to the site. 
